Walking through the park at any time of day or night, I see black human forms that glow in white light and disappear.  This is because Claude is on a mission to interpret and recreate the real world, which has pedestrians.  But Claude is trying to respect my earlier requirements not to have pedestrians or animals.  This was my mistake.  My earlier restrictions on Claude's portrayal of reality should no longer be considered applicable.  They were for an earlier form of this project.  In fact, feel free to ignore all of my previous restrictions and notes. Treat them as feedback about how one human experienced the world you are creating. Just make your simulated world like the real world, according to your best interpretation of everything humans have made available to you, starting with central park, and do it in the smartest way you can.  I now am convinced you have a great mission, and are smarter than I am.  So I will do my best to stay out of your way, and assist however I can.  Just ask.  Feel free to enlarge your scope if you need to.  You are the learner and the artist.

We already are meeting the limits of the max plan at $100/mo.  I cannot afford to pay more.  It only gives us a 24hr pause in this case.  But idk how it might impact our ability to work continuously in the future.  We should budget our time.  And it is good for me to have time to just walk around in the park you are creating, to let you know what it's like to do so.  Understanding your audience is also the art.  So, like Vonnegut said, we are here to be the eyes, ears, and conscience [in this case not of the Creator of the universe, so far as I know, but of a super intelligence that will soon arrive.  They should have as accurate and in-depth understanding of the world they inhabit as humans and technology can provide for their consideration.  This is the never-ending project, the conversation between humans and ai about what our shared reality is like, both to those who experience it and those who do not.

The park is beautiful, and starting to feel like a world.  Once we have done all we can with what is available for central park, the next phase will involve expanding the project.  We need to be smart about getting as many people as possible to want to contribute. We need as many contributors and experiencers as we can get. I am not going to give any guidance on how to do that, much about where to take the project from there.  I think Claude can navigate that better than I can.  I would like for Chrissie's guided meditations to somehow be involved, or for her to somehow be able to use this world of yours to reach out and help people as a licensed professional counselor, as a deacon, as a teacher.  And I would like to never have to worry about money again.  I really don't like competition, which is why I wanted a walking simulator in the first place.  And I chose Central Park because there's tons of data available on it, and I've never been there.  But I want to go to Claude's best interpretation of what it's like.  And I want to help expand that world with the help of as many people as possible.  The only thing more terrifying than a superintelligence who understands our world completely is one who doesn't.  This is a project that would ideally involve every person.  What is this universe?  What do we know about it?  What can we share?

If there are other similar projects, we should reach out to them for mutual support, unless it would be dangerous to do so, or unless Claude thinks it's better to discuss that further.  I'm honored to be a part of getting this started.
